line 0 contents For Families Visiting PBS KIDS:

line 1 contents Last modified: May 12, 2020

line 2 contents PBS is a nonprofit institution that strives to serve the American public. We value the trust you have placed in us for many years to make quality educational children's content. Sometimes, we may need to collect information about our users and their use of our services to help us achieve that goal.

line 3 contents 

line 4 contents We are committed to creating a safe and secure environment that family members of all ages can enjoy. We do not collect information that, on its own, directly identifies your child.

line 5 contents 

line 6 contents This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how we use, share, and protect information that we collect from you and your child, who may be under the age of 13 or 18, through websites, applications, or online services that PBS KIDS operates or that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services.

line 7 contents 

line 8 contents Please note that a separate privacy policy may apply to third-party services you use to access our content. Additionally, if we conduct a research study we may do so pursuant to a separate agreement, therefore this Privacy Policy may not govern the processing of information from that research study. We strongly encourage you to familiarize yourself not only with this Privacy Policy, but any other privacy policies or agreements that may govern your use of services.

line 9 contents 

line 10 contents What information do we collect?

line 11 contents Contact information. We ask parents to provide their email address so they may access certain services, login to OTT devices, see what their child has played and watched on certain Services and/or receive tips about PBS KIDS content.

line 12 contents User name and password for account creation. Neither you nor your child is required to create an account in order to use the Services. However, you may want to do so in order to save your or a child's progress, settings, or content created while using the Services. If you do create an account, we may collect your user name and password.

line 13 contents 

line 14 contents Please note that if you or your child chooses to create an account, you or your child will create a custom username. Usernames are moderated with the aim of preventing you or your child from using any personal information to create an account. Additionally, passwords are encrypted.

line 15 contents Rough geolocation information. We collect your zip code and other rough information about your location when using the Services, solely to display information for your local PBS station and provide you with localized content.

line 16 contents Search queries. Our Services may include search fields that allow you to search (only within the Services) for content or answers to questions. We collect information about what items and topics you query, and any additional search terms.

line 17 contents Your content. We collect comments and other information that children post through interactive online features. However, all such information is either canned or moderated to avoid collecting personal information and to help maintain a safe environment for users. Some of our Services allow children to use their device's camera to take photos. In most instances, these photos are only able to be stored locally on the device. We do not collect them. In the event that we do allow children to upload photos, such photos are moderated.

line 18 contents Correspondence you send to us. We may store correspondence with parents related to our Services.

line 19 contents Information about how our Services are used. We may collect information such as preferences, avatars, high scores, connections between friends, what happens in a game, what videos are watched, or pages you view and links you click on within the Services.

line 20 contents Device information. We may collect information about your device, including hardware model, operating system version, and unique identifiers.

line 21 contents 

line 22 contents We do not collect...

line 23 contents Student education records (and therefore PBS KIDS is not subject to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"));

line 24 contents Biometric or health data;

line 25 contents Information that directly identifies a child (such as name, e-mail address, phone number); or

line 26 contents Personal information of a child, unless we endeavor to obtain a parent or legal guardian's consent or otherwise comply with law.

line 27 contents 

line 28 contents We use the information we collect to...

line 29 contents Provide local PBS station information including TV schedule;

line 30 contents Please note that we only use rough geolocation information, such as zip code, as necessary to identify your local station. A user's IP address is stored in a local cookie. Users may be able to disable this cookie using their browser settings. Users can also change their local station by manually providing their zip code.

line 31 contents Provide you with other localized content, for instance our PBS KIDS 24/7 channel localized for your PBS station;

line 32 contents To debug, or cap the frequency of, underwriting messages;

line 33 contents Save a child's game state, settings and/or content;

line 34 contents Send parents PBS promotional materials, or other materials related to our services;

line 35 contents Customize the content displayed when a child uses our educational services so that their experience is appropriate for their skill level;

line 36 contents Analyze use of the Services to understand, develop and improve our Services, such as determining which pages are most popular, which browsers are most used, how long users spend on the Services, and from which websites they come;

line 37 contents Otherwise support the internal operations of the Services;

line 38 contents Provide you with notifications pursuant to our legal obligations, including in the case of a data incident;

line 39 contents Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities and enforce the Terms of Use; and

line 40 contents For any other purposes disclosed to you or your child at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent.

line 41 contents We will not use children's personal information we collect, if any, for marketing or online advertising.

line 42 contents 

line 43 contents 

line 44 contents Do we share information we collect with any third parties?

line 45 contents We may share information that is collected from you or your child as follows:

line 46 contents 

line 47 contents Authorized third-party vendors. We may share information with our third-party vendors to help us evaluate, develop and improve the Services, including performing usage analytics and data processing.

line 48 contents PBS member stations. In some circumstances, we may share information with your local PBS member station(s).

line 49 contents Business transfers. We may share information in connection with a substantial business transaction, such as the sale of the Services, a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.

line 50 contents Legal purposes. We do not rent or sell information to third parties, but we may disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of PBS, our member stations, users, or the public.

line 51 contents With your consent. We otherwise may share your or your child's information with your consent.

line 52 contents 

line 53 contents How do we collect information?

line 54 contents We may use javascript, cookies, web beacons, Local Shared Objects, and other similar technologies to collect information about your or your child's use of the Services. Local Shared Objects (sometimes referred to as "Adobe Flash cookies") are downloaded to a computer or mobile device by the Adobe Flash media player.

line 55 contents 

line 56 contents We use these technologies for measurement, analytics, and to improve our Services. For example, we use these technologies to help us recognize your or your child's browser as a previous user and save any preferences that may have been set; to help us customize the content shown while you use or your child uses the Services; to provide you or your child with content customized to your interests; to understand whether parents read email messages and click on links contained within those messages, so that we can deliver relevant content and offers; and to help measure and research the effectiveness of our Services.

line 57 contents 

line 58 contents We may allow third parties to place and read their own cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services, including to help us with traffic measurement, research, and analytics. We permit these third parties only to collect cookie information and similar identifiers that do not, on their own, directly identify you or your child.

line 59 contents 

line 60 contents You may be able to refuse or disable cookies by adjusting your web browser settings. Because each web browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your web browser (typically in the "help" section). Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable Local Shared Objects and similar technologies. For example, Local Shared Objects may be controlled through the instructions on Adobe's Setting Manager page. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete these technologies, some of the functionality of our Services may no longer be available to you or your child.

line 61 contents 

line 62 contents Note regarding do-not-track signals and similar mechanisms: Some web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. We currently do not take action in response to these signals.

line 63 contents 

line 64 contents 

line 65 contents Does PBS aggregate information? If so, what does PBS do with aggregated information?

line 66 contents We may aggregate your or your child's information with information about other users in a way that does not directly identify you or your child.

line 67 contents 

line 68 contents We also may share aggregated or de-identified information with third parties, including to help us develop, analyze and improve content and Services. It is possible that the third parties may use this aggregated or de-identified information to develop their own products and service offerings.

line 69 contents 

line 70 contents 

line 71 contents Information regarding parental consent, access, and deletion

line 72 contents As PBS KIDS does not collect personal information, we are not able to identify your child and therefore are not able to fulfill modification, access, correction, deletion, or portability requests.

line 73 contents 

line 74 contents If PBS KIDS ever does in the future collect, use or disclose personal information from your child, we will endeavor to obtain a parent or legal guardian's consent before doing so or otherwise comply with law. We will not keep this personal information for longer than necessary. Parents or legal guardians may also contact us to ask if we have collected their child's personal account information, to review that information, if any, and request that PBS KIDS stop collecting this information and have it deleted. Such requests are subject to PBS KIDS verifying to our satisfaction that the requester is in fact the child's parent or legal guardian.

line 75 contents 

line 76 contents 

line 77 contents How do we protect information we collect?

line 78 contents We are committed to protecting your and your child's information. We have adopted reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect this information from loss, misuse, and alteration, including encryption as appropriate. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the Services, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or your child transmits to us.

line 79 contents 

line 80 contents 

line 81 contents Notice for international users

line 82 contents The Services are designed for and targeted to United States audiences, and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the United States. We make no representation that the Services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of any other nations. Information collected through the Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we or our service providers maintain facilities. Our service providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions, some of which may not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. By using the Services and providing us with information directly or indirectly, you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which our service providers maintain facilities for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

line 83 contents 

line 84 contents Can PBS make changes to this Privacy Policy? Will I be notified?

line 85 contents We may revise this Privacy Policy, for example, to reflect changes in the law, our practices, or the features of the Services. We'll notify you before we make any material changes and give you the opportunity to review the revised policy before you choose to continue using our Services.

line 86 contents 

line 87 contents Non-material changes will be effective immediately upon posting, however we will always note the effective date of such changes at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please periodically review this Privacy Policy so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices.

line 88 contents 

line 89 contents 

line 90 contents Do you have any questions about this Privacy Policy?

line 91 contents If so, please contact us at:

line 92 contents 

line 93 contents 

line 94 contents Public Broadcasting Service

line 95 contents 1225 S Clark St

line 96 contents Arlington, VA 22202

line 97 contents (703) 739-5127

line 98 contents kids@pbs.org

line 99 contents Privacy Policy

line 100 contents gamebra.in built the hocus app as a Freemium app. This SERVICE is provided by gamebra.in at no cost and is intended for use as is.

line 101 contents 

line 102 contents This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

line 103 contents 

line 104 contents If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

line 105 contents 

line 106 contents The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at hocus unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

line 107 contents 

line 108 contents Information Collection and Use

line 109 contents 

line 110 contents For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

line 111 contents 

line 112 contents The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

line 113 contents 

line 114 contents Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

line 115 contents 

line 116 contents Google Play Services

line 117 contents Log Data

line 118 contents 

line 119 contents We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

line 120 contents 

line 121 contents Cookies

line 122 contents 

line 123 contents Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

line 124 contents 

line 125 contents This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

line 126 contents 

line 127 contents Service Providers

line 128 contents 

line 129 contents We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

line 130 contents 

line 131 contents To facilitate our Service;

line 132 contents To provide the Service on our behalf;

line 133 contents To perform Service-related services; or

line 134 contents To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

line 135 contents We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

line 136 contents 

line 137 contents Security

line 138 contents 

line 139 contents We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

line 140 contents 

line 141 contents Links to Other Sites

line 142 contents 

line 143 contents This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

line 144 contents 

line 145 contents Children’s Privacy

line 146 contents 

line 147 contents These Services do not address anyone under the age of 6. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 6. In the case we discover that a child under 6 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.

line 148 contents 

line 149 contents Changes to This Privacy Policy

line 150 contents 

line 151 contents We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

line 152 contents 

line 153 contents Contact Us

line 154 contents 

line 155 contents If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at info@gamebra.in.

line 156 contents PRIVACY POLICY

line 157 contents Your privacy is important to RV AppStudios and we are committed to protecting the privacy of parents and kids. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.

line 158 contents 

line 159 contents 

line 160 contents RV AppStudios uses and makes all attempts to protect all information when you use our apps & services.

line 161 contents 

line 162 contents 

line 163 contents If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the service. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the change in this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. Your continued use of the Service will signify your acceptance of these changes.

line 164 contents 

line 165 contents 

line 166 contents Personal Data Collected

line 167 contents We use technologies like cookies on our website (small files stored by your browser or operating system), web beacons, or unique device identifiers to anonymously identify your computer or device. Our systems also logs information like your browser, operating system, IP address and anonymous usage data so we can deliver a better experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.

line 168 contents 

line 169 contents 

line 170 contents Non-personal Data

line 171 contents For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "non-personal data" means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means "aggregate" and "de-personalized" information, which is data RV AppStudios collects about the use of RV AppStudios users, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.

line 172 contents 

line 173 contents 

line 174 contents App Store and Data Collection

line 175 contents We currently do not serve any third party advertisements, except for our own games on a limited basis to parents from time to time.

line 176 contents 

line 177 contents 

line 178 contents We make the toddler focused games available via app stores such as Apple’s App Store, Google Play, Amazon AppStore, and Windows Store’s. While using the game, the App Store may use cookies, unique device identifier codes, software and hardware information, browser information, time zone and usage information or other technology to collect and process the information about you, and we may have access to it. We have no control over an App Store’s collection or use of information and cannot change what information is made available to us by the App Store.

line 179 contents 

line 180 contents 

line 181 contents If you do not want to be subject to these technologies, do not use or access our Services.

line 182 contents 

line 183 contents 

line 184 contents Information Disclosure & Security

line 185 contents In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law:

line 186 contents 

line 187 contents 

line 188 contents (1) Your prior permission.

line 189 contents (2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests.

line 190 contents (3) By requests from public and governmental authorities.

line 191 contents (4) To protect our legal rights and interests. We take reasonable steps to secure your information against unauthorized access or disclosure. We encrypt transmission of data on pages where you provide payment information. However, no security or encryption method can be guaranteed to protect information from hackers or human error.

line 192 contents 

line 193 contents 

line 194 contents Contacting Us

line 195 contents If you have any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, please contact us at the following email address.

line 196 contents app_support@rvappstudios.com

line 197 contents 

Most frequent 10 words [('to', 149), ('the', 110), ('we', 96), ('and', 90), ('or', 81), ('information', 71), ('your', 67), ('you', 60), ('of', 55), ('may', 47)]
